uGet 1.9.91 (testing)
1. curl plug-in disable peer SSL certificate verification.
2. curl plug-in can keep user specified filename.
3. aria2 plug-in can use user specified filename.
4. avoid crash when user deleting files.

This version focus on plug-in bug fix and usage change:
If user does specify filename, plug-ins will use this filename.
otherwise plug-ins will decide filename from remote data.

uGet 1.9.90 (testing)
1. Add new option "Retrieve timestamp" in Download dialog.
2. Refine aria2 global speed control.
3. Pass argument "continue" and "remote-time" to aria2 by XML-RPC.
4. Change aria2 arguments to "--enable-rpc=true -D --check-certificate=false".
5. Enable "Apply recently download settings" by default.
6. Fix some bugs.

If you have trouble when you use uget with aria2 in Fedora, I suggest that
user run aria2c in terminal with argument "--enable-rpc=true" first. If you got
"failed to bind port 6800", try to add "--disable-ipv6=true" and run aria2c again.
If it works, add "--disable-ipv6=true" to Arguments entry in Plug-in setting.

uGet 1.9.2 (devel)
1. Add global speed limits for aria2.
2. Fix memory leak.
3. This version need GTK 3.4+ and GLib 2.32+

uGet 1.9.1 (devel)
1. Add new option "User Agent" in download dialog.
2. Fix: Source package doesn't include some project files for Windows.

uGet 1.9.0 (devel)
1. Drop GTK+2, I suggest use uGet with GTK 3.4+. (avoid some GTK3 bugs)
2. Avoid crash when user delete tasks and uGet run with GTK3. (GTK3 bug?)
3. Add Commandline Settings for some FlashGot users.
4. Add setting option 'Apply recently download settings'.

Some users want to use uGet with FlashGot quietly. In the old nGet you
must add uGet as new download manager and set commandline arguments in
FlashGot. Now the new Commandline Settings is a easy way to do this.

uGet apply download settings from category by default but some users
want to use recently download settings when creating new download.
The new option 'Apply recently download settings' is for this case.
Note: The recently download settings will be discard when you quit uGet.

How to disable uGet AppIndicator support:
Search <AppIndicator value='1'/> in $HOME/.config/uGet/Setting.xml
and set value='0' to disable AppIndicator. This is function is for
Ubuntu GNOME users who want to use original tray icon logic.

